Update README.md 2 (#183)
thomersch/openstreetmap-calendar: README.md

> # OpenStreetMap Calendar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Matrix](https://img.shields.io/matrix/MapComplete:matrix.org?logo=matrix)](https://matrix.to/#/#osmcal:mustelo.de)

# OpenStreetMap Calendar
```
Adds a [badge](https://github.com/badges/shields) for the Matrix channel.

> A simple, open calendar for tracking OpenStreetMap-related activities, such as mapping parties, hackathons, conferences, and other community events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple collaborative calendar for hosting community events. OSMCal hosts OpenStreetMap-related activities such as mapping parties, hackathons and conferences.
```

## Key Features

> - **Open for Contributions**: Anyone with an OpenStreetMap account can add or manage events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Open Collaboration**: Anyone with an OpenStreetMap account can add or edit events.
```

### Requirements

- Python ≥ 3.11
- PostgreSQL ≥ 15 with PostGIS

### Setup Instructions

1. **Clone the Repository**:  
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/<your-repo>/osmcal.git
   cd osmcal
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**:  
   Use Poetry to install all necessary dependencies:  
   ```
   poetry install
   ```

3. **Configure the Database**:  
   Ensure a PostgreSQL database with PostGIS is available. If using the dev container, the database is automatically started. For manual setup, create an empty database named `osmcal`.

   Update the database settings in `osmcal/settings.py` if needed.

4. **Run Database Migrations**:  
   ```
   make migrate
   ```

5. **Start the Development Server**:  
   ```
   make devserver
   ```

6. **Load Test Data (Optional)**:  
   If needed, load sample data:  
   ```
   make fixtures
   ```

### Running Tests

To ensure everything is working correctly, run the tests:  
```
make test
```

### Mock Login for Development

During development, you can use a fake login without setting up OAuth. Scroll to the footer in debug mode and click "Mock login" to instantly log in as a normal user.

## API Documentation

> The API is described using OpenAPI 3, and the schema is located in `/api/schema/`. The live version is available [here](https://osmcal.org/static/api.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API is described using [OpenAPI 3](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.0.0.html). The schema is located in `/api/schema/`. The live version is available [here](https://osmcal.org/static/api.html).
```
Adds link to OpenAPI specification.
